There are advantages and disadvantages , they have free education for everybody and health care , but they also have problems with the food and how they get fundamental stuff for everybody .
Hooshang Amirahmadi says decisions about something as important as the nuclear issue are reached by consensus , but that the final say still rests with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
China until now has only defended Iran should not have nuclear weapons , but has defended Tehran's right to develop a peaceful nuclear program within international guidelines .
A senior White House official said Hill will be scheduled to fly to the region Wednesday .
According to the New York , Tuesday the incentives offer includes a commitment by the sponsors of the package to assist Iran's civil nuclear program , including joint projects for building internationally safeguarded light-water reactors .
By offering to meet with Iran if it agrees to stop uranium enrichment , President Bush says the move represents a shift in U.S. tactics , not in strategy .
Five Japanese abductees were allowed to return home , but Pyongyang says the others have died .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Reza Asefi told a weekly news conference Tehran still would not reply before next month .
Many people have to wait in line to get in for a long time .
Mr. Ahmadinejad told reporters in the Chinese city of Shanghai that he has asked the Iranian government to cautiously consider the offer .
On Friday , a federal high court commanded Shell oil company to deposit the money with the Central Bank of Nigeria by mid-day Monday .
Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas made a speech to the gathering via videophone from Gaza .
They say Beijing's drive to purchase more advanced weapons systems , aircraft , and ships show that China is looking to project its military power beyond its neighbors and its traditional rival , Taiwan .
Israeli aircraft have attacked the Gaza city office of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh , in a continuing offensive aimed at forcing militants to release an Israeli soldier captured last Sunday .
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called for the new U.N. Human Rights Council to break with the past and become a strong voice for silent victims of abuse .
Anderson's son Kevin , who is a lawyer in Utah , also gave evidence before the committee .
In a culture that , since ancient times , has prized male offspring - one outcome of the birth control policy has been that families have opted for their one child to be a boy .
Prime Minister Blair left Iraq thinking that the challenge is still immense in Iraq .
The reunion is being cautiously watched for possible information about other suspected abductees .
A researcher working in Blumenthal at the American Enterprise Institute supports that for now , but he says a more active U.S. response in terms of increasing its own military capabilities may be essential in the future .
That summit-talks led to a thaw in inter-Korean relations , and an outpouring of economic assistance from Seoul .
Jung Tae-ho , a spokesman for South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun , says they agreed the launches were a serious provocation , and pledged to cooperate on diplomatic steps to address the issue .
Andrew Kohut said Muslims and westerners are convinced that relationships between the two peoples are generally bad .
General Casey added that Al-Qaida in Iraq is experiencing a vulnerable period now that its leader has been killed .
The U.S. military says D.N.A. evidence positively identified Zarqawi , who was identified by fingerprints at first .
Turner added the bigger problem with the deforestation is there is so much illegal logging in the world without forest certifications .
If the deputy director has some arguments on where is the disputed area that obviously would make some difference to the result .
Liu Jinsong said at a media luncheon also participated in a Japanese diplomat involved in the talks on the disputed area .
Marina Ottaway , a specialist on democracy and post dispute reconstruction at the Washington-based Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , says that because the global feminist movement is so recent , the political role of women in Muslim countries should be viewed from a historical perspective .
Pyongyang said the failure of inter-Korean military meetings a week earlier , and also blamed what it called " unstable political conditions " in the South .
Rice said financial and technological sanctions are being offered , and penalties can be imposed if Iran refuses the offer .
The militants said the Koreans are safe but alerted against any assault on its bases .
U.N. Secretary-General Annan said the council indicated a new era in the human-rights work of the United Nations .
They said if Pyongyang persists in launch preparations , the United States should proclaim its intention to destroy the missile , and that the job could be done with little other damage with a conventionally-armed U.S. cruise missile .
President Bush said he had spoken by telephone with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Hu Jintao , whose support was considered crucial to the incentives and sanctions package finalized later in Vienna .
The details of these buildings and delicate interiors is just beyond belief .
The agreement is stood to by business executives in both countries , who say it will produce billions of dollars of new exports and income opportunities for both countries .
Two decades ago , the high court ruled that the prisoners at Guantanamo were entitled to access to U.S. civilian courts , over the objections of the administration .
Experts agree that Cuba's government and its relations with the United States will change dramatically once Fidel Castro dies or leaves office , but when that will take place is anyone's guess .
Teng says he does not be against the birth control laws themselves , which he says give women the right to choose whether or not to be sterilized .
Syria has to be held to account . Syria is housing the militant wing of Hamas . Hezbollah has got an active presence in Syria .
The President says Iraq is the front line in the war against terror , which poses a global menace too serious to ignore .
During his speech Mr. Olmert also praised ties with the United States , saying the two countries are united in a clash against terrorism .
Officials say the suspects in Canada were affected by Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaida terror group .
During that time , they are able to get a retrain at government's expense .
American officials hope a further treaty can be signed to facilitate additional military contacts like the port visit by two U.S. navy ships in Vietnam earlier this month - the fourth such visit in as many years .
Mr. Abbas spoke in the West Bank city of Ramallah at the start of a two-day meeting aimed at bridging the differences between rivals Hamas and Fatah .
Saudi Arabia's officials were shocked , they were surprised , they were not believing what happened , particularly as 15 Saudis were part of that plan .
Most policemen would tell you that simply putting people behind bars is not sufficient .
North and South Koreans recently marked the anniversary of the start of attempts to bring decades of animosity to an end .
It tells residents to bring out their old quilts , which this merchant will load onto his cart and , using a special hand tool , fluff up like new .
One former language student says her classmates often translated passages from English textbooks and submitted it as their own work .
Cuban Parliament President Ricardo Alarcon was cited in Cuban state-run media last week as saying the draft of the commission's report reinforced what he called an American plan to annex the island .
While many economists say Europe's socialist democracies are economically insupportable , Nordic economies are experiencing healthy growth .
An Iraqi spokesman told reporters the bodies bore signs of torture and severe mistreatment .
This is the first time to have a meeting between the two leaders since Mr. Olmert took office earlier this year .
Hill says Chinese officials in Pyongyang have yet to get all of the appointments they asked for .
During a visit to the French capital , United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan said he hoped North Korea listened to the message coming from the international community , that everyone is concerned by its actions .
Earlier this year , six women stood for local elections in Saudi Arabia - - a political first .
Pyongyang says it already possesses nuclear weapons , in violation of several past agreements to remain nuclear free .
Kemal Saiki , the spokesman , would not give any further details , saying only that U.N. forces were releasing their colleagues .
The conflict has restored tensions between Jakarta and Aceh's separatist movement .
Ties between Athens and Ankara have improved considerably since that crisis , but the two sides have not made advance in efforts to work out their territorial conflicts in the Aegean Sea .
A North Korean announcer reports a statement from Pyongyang's Foreign Ministry saying the missile launches helped build national defense .
A senior official of the country's defense ministry was shot and wounded by Gunmen in Baghdad .
Alexander Vershbow , the bespectacled U.S. ambassador to South Korea , seems to be a librarian or a museum curator on first acquaintance .
But both Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala and the reclusive rebel leader known as Prachanda say they will make this treaty work .
He also says those who want political change in Cuba must perform with those who would be part of the transition .
Hierarchy in art , culture and people no longer exists , Chirac said at the event , took part in United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan and other visiting dignitaries .
Israel's ambassador to the U.N. , Dan Gillerman , defended his country's offensive , saying Israel has been the target of reiterated Hezbollah attacks .
Lebanon has urged an immediate cease-fire and a lifting of the air and sea blockade imposed on its territory by Israel at an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council .
Mesa said the decisions for a transition to democracy in Cuba have to happen in Cuba by Cubans .
President Bush has pledged that detainees at Guantanamo Bay who are not returned to their home countries will eventually be represented in a court of law .
This treaty includes a promise of a new constitution , a new parliament and a new government that includes the rebels .
It says North Korea views the launches as absolutely separate from multinational diplomacy aimed at ending its nuclear weapons development .
She says when she was studying to become a teacher there were no critical teaching materials available about North Korea .
Livni said Israel will be prepared for a ceasefire if Hezbollah returns captured soldiers and Lebanese troops take over control of areas along the Israel border .
South Koreans watching the reunion on television saw little more than mother and son hugging , and Kim asking his mother why she was crying on such a happy occasion .
Vershbow adds " the door is still open " for dialogue .
Andrei Lankov says even though China provides most of North Korea's energy and much of its food aid , the North Korean government will not take a warning from China seriously .
In contrast to the violent past , leaders of the Free Aceh Movement say they will use legal ways to challenge the legislation .
Though details have not been given , the international package is understood to offer Iran trade and technological assistance if it stops uranium enrichment and other nuclear activity U.S. and European officials believe is weapons-related and returns to negotiations with Britain , France and Germany .
The Hamas move came on the second day of meetings in Ramallah between Hamas and Fatah aimed at ending factional violence that led to fears of a civil war .
South Korean lawmakers say they were told at an intelligence briefing that in spite of signs Pyongyang is preparing to launch a missile , it is not clear if it will do so .
Alfredo Mesa , the executive director of the Cuban American National Foundation , says the efforts show there is a clear dedication to bring a transition to democracy in Cuba .
McCain said it would be wrong to reward Russia's government , which he blamed for being autocratic and repressing media in the country .
Amnesty says China does not publish information about actual transfers abroad of military , security , and police equipment - making it impossible for outside observers to verify to what extent China is observing its commitments to international law .
Japan submitted a strongly-worded draft Security Council resolution Wednesday , less than a day after North Korea staged a series of provocative missile tests .
Rebel sources in Sri Lanka say a top Tamil Tiger rebel commander has been assassinated in the eastern part of the country .
The pass was once part of the famous Silk Road , which connected ancient civilizations in India and China , and continued on to Central Asia and Europe .
Tokyo will therefore continue depending on the United States to counter any threat .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says Israel will move forward with a plan to establish its borders again even if the Hamas-led Palestinian government fails to change some of its policies .
The U.S. military says an autopsy of " al-Qaida in Iraq " leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi indicates his injuries and death were consistent with a bomb blast .
Hundreds of people have gathered in Taiwan demanding the resignation of President Chen Shui-bian , just days before lawmakers vote on whether to hold a referendum on firing him .
Kreteks , which are including clove-flavored cigarettes from Indonesia .
Limited reunions , mainly for elderly Koreans , have been the centerpiece of endeavors to thaw relations between the two countries , which technically remain at war .
Iran maintains it is enriching uranium for the peaceful civilian purpose of generating electricity .
The State Department pointed out that there had been no North Korean invitation for a visit by Hill , the Assistant Secretary for East Asian Affairs , conveyed through diplomatic channels .
These are all kinds of fatal and addictive products .
Israel said the Palestinians were preparing to launch rockets at the Jewish state .
Those aren't the kind of incidents European authorities want to face at the World Cup in Germany .
United Nations Secretary-General is visiting Beijing , where North Korea's foreign minister is supposed to arrive for conferences next week .
Mr. Ahmadinejad did not specifically say whether Iran would accept or refuse an international package aimed at getting Iran to stop uranium enrichment .
A Sri Lankan government spokesman criticized Tamil rebels for the blast , which he called " barbaric . "
Authorities say member countries aim to approve the plan by the end of the year .
China will properly boost military expenditures and push forward our national defense modernization .
Competitors , like local vendors , restaurant owners , and pharmacists , believe they should get more support from their governments to defend themselves against Chinese entrepreneurs .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited China hoping to meet a greater consensus against Iran's plans to develop its nuclear capabilities .
I think right now we abstain ourselves that we have rights to make some drill in the disputed area .
North Korea reportedly refused Tuesday any outside criticism of its actions .
Perry said trying to get countries like North Korea or Iran to abandon their nuclear program will be a difficult undertaking .
Secretary Rice has said that the motivation for achieving progress in nuclear negotiations now lies with Iran , and the decision it must make .
The new proof points to a suspect other than human hunters , but that possibly will not end the dispute .
The probability of World Cup tickets falling into the wrong hands has been made almost impossible , because for the first time all the tickets sold are personalized , so only the buyer and his guests can get through the control points with a valid identification .
A worsen job market may also press younger South Koreans to put more of their energy into performance - not poktanju .
At the University of Alaska , Dale Guthrie agrees that animals are susceptible to human colonization and does not discount the idea that prehistoric hunters might have decimated some populations of game .
Even now , Hwang Woo-suk has support from some South Koreans who believe he is innocent and the victim of an injustice .
King says the results of the survey correspond to observations he and other CADA staff members have made in the area over the past several months .
Massage parlors with Chinese inscriptions on the outside and Chinese girls inside seem to appear faster than the restaurants .
Nukaga says Japan does not believe a launch by the North Koreans is impending .
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said this month he plans to make absolute concessions to Pyongyang , and is ready to hold a summit-talks with leader Kim Jong Il " anytime , anywhere . "
The comments followed a New York Times report Thursday that the administration was decussing a refinement of U.S. policy , under which negotiations on a peace treaty and the nuclear talks could go on in parallel once North Korean returned to the bargaining .
They acknowledge the most difficult part of the legislative process will still lie ahead : harmonizing their version of the legislation with the tough border security bill that cleared the House of Representatives late last year .
U.S. officials also say the sanctions and the nuclear weapons are unconnected issues , and should be considered separately .
University of Melbourne researcher indicates climate change cannot be the explanation for the loss of this so-called megafauna .
Political analysts say the rising economic ties are helping the two normalize their relationship despite their failure to resolve outstanding boundary issues .
Negotiators from both sides say the discussions are expected to prepare for talks between rebel chief Prachanda and Nepalese Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala .
Swirling mist and a steady drizzle along the 4,300-meter-high pass did not discourage enthusiastic businessmen from crossing the border to attend trade fairs on either side .
Mr. Koizumi's government has been under increasing pressure from the public to lay economic sanctions on North Korea if it doesn't provide full details about the abductees .
Japan's Kyodo news is citing Chinese State Counselor Tang Jiaxuan as telling Japanese lawmakers China had no advance warning that North Korea was going to test the missiles .
The world would be a much more unfriendly place without the United States as global leader and decisive organizer of action for the collective good , says Gary Schmitt of the American Enterprise Institute in Washington .
Other critics argue that by showcasing only indigenous art , the museum risks sticking stereotypes of Western versus other civilizations .
Pakistani forces have been fighting with Taleban and al-Qaida-linked Muslim militants in the region near the border with Afghanistan .
Rumsfeld , who is present at a meeting of NATO defense ministers , said no single person has had the blood of more innocent people on his hands in recent years than Zarqawi .
Americans in Japan are being advised to use caution and to report any suspected activity , particularly during the Memorial Day holiday period -- a series of four days beginning on Friday and extending through Monday .
At the White House , President Bush also hailed the news .
European officials have welcomed direct U.S. involvement in negotiations , but Iran's initial reaction meant it refuses the U.S. conditions .
The South Korean commander supervising the operation , Kwon Dong-ok , says the training capped three days of international exercises involving South Korea , Russia , the United States , Japan , China , and Canada .
The amount of gasoline he gets is controlled by the government , and , when he runs out , he must close his station until the next delivery .
Overseas retailers do not have a presence in India because the government blocks most foreign investment in the field .
China is facing the significant tasks of safeguarding the country's sovereignty , territorial integrity , and national unification .
If they remain unemployed after a year , they are eligible for unemployment compensation , equivalent to an average income , continually .
%1 cannot be delegated because it has roles and tasks defined with authorization scripts . To delegate this scope , you must remove the authorization scripts from all role and task definitions in this scope .
%1 certificates are available for %2 .
%1 has already been used . Enter a unique template name .
%1 has already been used . Please enter a unique display name .
%1 is a domain controller of domain %2 . Focus will be set to domain %2 .
%1 is a global group . Global groups cannot be created or edited in Low Speed Connection mode .
%1 is a member of %2 , but %2 is not being migrated .
%1 is a member of domain %2 . Focus will be set to domain %2 .
%1 is already a listed file type .
%1 is alreay a member of the replica set . You cannot add a second folder to the same replica set .
%1 is an auxiliary class . Only one auxiliary class can be selected at a time .
%1 is an invalid path name . Please enter a valid path name .
%1 is an invalid relative path name . Please enter a valid relative path name .
%1 is not a user account or group .
%1 is not a user account . Only users can be renamed .
%1 is not a valid name . Use %2 or %3 instead .
%1 is not a valid workstation name . You must either specify valid workstation names or leave the fields blank .
%1 job not found .
%1 or one of its children has property sheets open . Close the property sheets and try again .
%1 store contains %2 automatic certificate requests .
%1 store contains %2 certificates .
%1 store contains %2 automatic certificate requests .
%1 store contains %2 certificates .
%1 store contains no automatic certificate requests .
%1 store contains no certificates .
%1 store contains one automatic certificate request .
%1 was successfully removed from this domain .
%1This file name is a reserved device name . Choose another name .
%2 contains no user or contact objects . No objects from %2 will be added .
%d message recipients could not be contacted .
%ls encountered a problem and needed to close .
%s %s tripped its alert threshold . %s is %s the limit value of %s .
%s could not be removed from the group .
%s is a file . Select a folder instead .
%s is no longer a member of this group . It may still appear due to standard delays in replication between domain controllers .
%s is not a valid domain name or the primary domain controller is unavailable .
%s is not a valid type of object for this operation . Type the name of a valid object .
%sCould not open file . Verify the correct file name was given .
%sThe transfer of the current Operations Master could not be performed .
' %s' is not a domain controller and therefore cannot be a password export server .
' %s' is not a domain controller for the source domain and therefore cannot be the password export server .
' General ' converts numeric values to numbers , date values to dates , and all remaining values to text .
3 dimensional screen savers .
3-D arcade pinball game .
< Data Management > Data management keeps track of the data on disk , tape and optical storage devices .
< Device Management > Device management controls peripheral devices by sending them commands in their own proprietary language .
< Job Management > Job management controls the order and time in which programs are run and is more sophisticated in the mainframe environment where scheduling the daily work has always been routine .
< Security > Multiuser operating systems provide password protection to keep unauthorized users out of the system .
< Task Management > Multitasking , which is the ability to simultaneously execute multiple programs , is available in all operating systems today .
< User Interface > All graphics based today , the user interface includes the windows , menus and method of interaction between you and the computer .
A %2 named %1 cannot be found . Check the spelling of the name .
A DOS switch is a parameter .
A Digital Signature is a fingerprint of the message , ensuring the integrity of the message itself . The recipient's application uses this fingerprint to verify that the message has not been altered .
A Domain Administrator can disable or delete the computer account for this server .
A Remote Assistance connection could not be made because there is a licensing error .
A Subscriber must be prepared to run an offloaded agent . Click Verify Subscriber to ensure that the Subscriber has been prepared . Verifying the Subscriber can take a long time .
A certificate is issued by a Certificate Authority to confirm your identity to others .
A certificate store is a system area where certificates , certificate trust lists and certificate revocation lists are stored .
A certificate template contains predefined values for certificates .
A certificate trust list is a signed list of certificates that are considered trustworthy by a trusted administrator .
A closing double-quotation mark is missing from the parameter value . Please supply one .
A cluster is a group of computers working together to provide high reliability .
A common name is the fully-qualified domain name used by this site .
A communications service that is evolving from a one-way beeper service to a one-way text service , and eventually , to a two-way text and voice service .
A complex password provides better network security .
A component that is checked below will be shown in the Customize Component Options screen during Setup .
A connection that is created for your use only is saved in your user account and is not available unless you are logged on .
A connection with this name already exists . You should type a different name .
A critical error occurred during document filtering . Consult system administrator .
A database owner can create a publication only after an administrator has enabled the database for publishing .
A default schedule is used to initialize a Distribution or Merge Agent when creating a push subscription for this Subscriber .
A definition of a standard object model from the Object Management Group .
A domain cannot be set to trust itself .
A domain cannot have a trust to itself .
A domain controller cannot replicate information with itself . Select a different domain controller .
A domain controller must be specified for the copy password option .
A domain name was not specified .
A file copy operation to the client workstation local hard drive failed .
A file is already open . Cannot open another one while a file is open .
A folder on the computer named " %1 " has already joined replication . You cannot add a second folder to the same replication set .
A general error occurred while trying to decompress the file %s .
A global catalog cannot be contacted to retrieve the icons for the member list because access was denied .
A global catalog cannot be located to retrieve the icons for the member list . Some icons may not be shown .
A global catalog cannot be located to verify that the user logon name does not already exist in the enterprise .
A global group cannot have a builtin or cross-domain member .
A group cannot be made a member of itself .
A group with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
A license group must contain a valid name and set of users .
A list variable in the .INF file %s is not terminated .
A machine account for %1 already exists .
A machine language program ready to run in a particular operating environment .
A mail merge data source is composed of rows of data . The first row is called the header row . Each of the columns in the header row begins with a field name .
A migration wizard is already running .
A name conflict occurs when a target account already exists with the same name as a source account .
A needed component for conversion is unavailable . Please run setup .
A network connection to the logon server could not be established .
A network device used by telecom carriers to switch high-speed optical signals .
A network driver interface from Novell .
A network error occurred in connecting to " %s " . Ensure that your network connection is functioning properly .
A network protocol has been established with the remote host .
A networking technology that breaks up a message into smaller packets for transmission and switches them to their required destination .
A new advertised program is available . Do you want to open the Advertised Programs Wizard now ?
A new record cannot be created .
A newer protocol supporting multiple networks . If you are not sure , try this .
A non-critical error has occurred . You may retry the operation , ignore it , or exit the entire Setup operation .
A non-preemptive multitasking operating system cannot guarantee service to a communications program running in the background .
A pending certificate request is a request to which the certification authority has not yet responded .
A peripheral device that is turned on and connected to the computer is also online .
A plastic coating covers the cladding to protect the glass surface .
A problem has been encountered while creating the unattend file . Canceling setup .
A problem has been encountered while enumerating subcomponents of a component . Canceling setup .
A problem has been encountered while finding a component . Canceling setup .
A problem has been encountered while initializing a component . Canceling setup .
A problem occurred during the setup .
A profile is a collection of settings applied to connection requests that meet the conditions specified in a policy .
A protocol used to synchronize the realtime clock in a computer .
A reboot or shutdown to reconfigure existing hardware or software .
A recipient did not appear in the address list .
A replica set needs at least two members .
A replication set needs at least two members .
A required file could not be found . This program cannot continue .
A resolver is a module called by the Merge Agent that controls how changes made to two members of the publication are merged .
A role definition with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name and try again .
A role with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
A scope name can contain only printable characters .
A search page is not set . Use your browser options to set a search page , or run Setup again to fix the problem .
A secure channel reset will be attempted .
A server becomes unavailable when a number of requests to that server time out .
A server certificate is an electronic document that confirms your identity , like a driver's licence , and contains information used in creating secure connections to other computers .
A session with the password export server has not been established .
A share named " %1 " already exists . Please pick another name .
A share on server %1 is already enabled . File replication is not allowed between shares on the same computer .
A share on server %1 is already enabled . File replication is not allowed between shares on the same machine .
A share with the same name already exists .
A site link bridge must contain at least two site links .
A site link must contain at least two sites .
A sniffer is also embedded in hardware-based network analyzers in order to sniff and decode the packets .
A startup mode must be selected .
A subject is a computer , other device , or a user to which certificates are issued .
A task with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
A test instrument that analyzes the light loss in an optical fiber .
A thin glass strand designed for light transmission .
A transmission medium , such as twisted pair or fiber-optic cable , connects the adapters to network hubs or switches , or in the case of a bus network , to each other .
A trust is a relationship that enables users in one domain , forest , or realm to be authenticated in a specified domain , forest , or realm .
A typical synchronization may take several minutes . You can cancel the synchronization at any time .
A user account gives you access to files and resources on a network .
A user can define or modify a cluster definition . The user can choose instances of computers to add to the definition . Setup will then install or uninstall on the computers in the cluster as specified .
A user of the Internet . A Net citizen .
A valid destination folder for the install could not be determined .
A variety of easy-to-see pointer sizes for your mouse .
A volume is a portion of one or more hard disk drives that is treated as a separate disk . You can format a volume with a file system . You gain access to a volume through a drive letter or mount point .
A volume is a portion of one or more hard disk drives that is treated as a separate disk .
A zone configuration error occurred .
A zone configuration problem occurred .
A zone transfer sends a copy of the zone to requesting servers .
ATM uses a cell-switching technology that provides the bandwidth-sharing efficiency of packet switching with the guaranteed bandwidth of circuit switching .
Access is denied . You may not have sufficient privileges to perform the operation .
Access rights to create and delete computer objects are required to run the Set Up Computer Wizard .
Access to database has been denied .
Access to the domain %s is denied . This can occur if the Restrict Anonymous setting has been changed from the default .
Access to the domain %s is denied .
According to our records , your last attempt to download the license failed . Click Next to download your license now .
Account %1 was not found .
Account %2 was successfully reset .
Account ' %s' was excluded .
Account will not lock out .
Add a client computer to the network and create a network configuration disk that installs and configures networking components on the client computer .
Add a shared folder and assign access permissions .
Add an existing certificate to the Group Policy as an encrypted recovery agent .
Add applications to preload on the new computer . It's your responsibility to obtain the license rights to the programs you install .
Add applications to preload on the new computer .
Add equivalent security references for target objects and leave source references intact .
Add network delays to simulate connection speeds in your test environment .
Add new components or remove installed components from the current installation .
Add or manage backup jobs .
Add or remove performance counters for the Web server , test clients , or other computers you want to monitor during test runs .
Add or remove test clients . Adding clients will increase the potential load the test can generate .
Add software to a client computer already connected to your network .
Add the source groups you want to merge or map to the table below .
Add to Favorites ... Adds the current view to your Favorites list .
Adding a user to this computer grants the user access to all the resources on this computer and to all shared resources on the network .
Adding groups that users are a member of .
Adding languages does not guarantee that your computer has all of the fonts required to display content in your preferred languages .
Additional options are available from the command line .
Adds or removes individual snap-ins .
Adds the selected objects to a group you specify .
Adjust quality settings to achieve desired sound quality and disk usage . Higher recording quality uses more disk space . Large narrations should be linked for better performance .
Adjust the amount of packet loss to simulate network transmission errors in your test environment .
Adjust the security level for opening files that might contain macro viruses and specify the names of trusted macro developers .
Advanced System Information and System Configuration Utility provide technical details that support professionals can use to help solve problems .
Advanced System Information gives you a detailed list of your system properties .
AdvancedToggle into Advanced view mode .
After Setup is complete , your computer will no longer accept calls from other computers .
After completing Setup Manager , you can update an existing configuration set or save it as a new one .
After completing the network search , Setup will show you the results for each user and allow you to restart the search regardless of your choice above .
After completing the network search , Setup will show you the results for each user and allow you to restart the search regardless of your selection above .
After the restoration is complete , your computer automatically restarts .
After the wizard has updated the cube file , you can use the PivotTable without being connected to the server .
After you apply changes to this tab , you can no longer change the template name .
After you build a custom profile using CMAK , you can import it by entering it below .
After you click Next , you will not be able to change any of your previous chooseions .
After you click Next , you will not be able to change any of your previous selections .
After you have defined a cube file , you can use the PivotTable without being connected to the server .
After you move back , move forward one page .
After your clips are organized , you can easily find and then add clips from different collections to create new movies .
After your computer has restarted , the wizard will continue .
Agent service has been locally installed .
All Tasks contains operations that can be performed on the object .
All TasksContains operations that can be performed on the object .
All cryptographic keys will be deleted and should be exported before continuing .
All devices are busy . There are no ports available for the interface to establish a connection .
All encrypted data , such as EFS-encrypted files or e-mail , should be decrypted before continuing or it will be permanently inaccessible .
All fields are required to successfully add a toolbar . If you do not wish to add a toolbar , press cancel .
All high priority inbound connections must complete successfully before any lower priority synchronizations are attempted .
All installation decisions are made for the user . The user does not see any dialog boxes .
All installation decisions are made for the user . The user sees all progress dialog boxes .
All objects in the collection must belong to the same parent diagram .
All of the form's variables are appended to the output file when the form is submitted , usually by pressing a button that says Submit Form .
All of the selected objects have been disabled .
All of the selected user objects are enabled .
All of the subscriptions to publications on these servers will be dropped .
All of your installed components are the most recent versions available .
All program features will be installed .
All publications on all Publishers using this server as their Distributor will be dropped .
All subscriptions to the dropped publications will be dropped .
All the pictures open on the Filmstrip will be converted to a screen saver .
All the pictures open on the Filmstrip will be turned into an animated picture . You can view this picture in your Web browser , or place it on a Web page .
All the pictures open on theFilmstrip will be convertedto Web slide show pages .
All the pictures open on theFilmstrip will be convertedto a Web album .
All the steps and operations for migrating databases will be stored in a log file . You can change the file name and the location
All the steps and operations for migrating databases will be stored in a log file . You can change the file name and the location
All this is on the Internet . If you can't find what you are looking for , you can search for all kinds of information by using search services .
All traces that have Stack Dump enabled will output the stack to this depth .
All traces that have the Trace to File button checked will output to this file .
Allow authentication for all resources in the %s domainWindows will authenticate users from the local domain for all resources in the specified domain . This option is preferred when both domains belong to the same organization .
Allow authentication for all resources in the %s forestWindows will authenticate users from the local forest for all resources in the specified forest . This option is preferred when both forests belong to the same organization .
Allow authentication for all resources in the local domainWindows will authenticate users from the specified domain for all resources in the local domain . This option is preferred when both domains belong to the same organization .
Allow authentication for all resources in the local forestWindows will authenticate users from the specified forest for all resources in the local forest . This option is preferred when both forests belong to the same organization .
Allow the selected computer to be changed when launching from the command line . This only applies if you save the console .
Allow user to change pre-populated language , regional , and keyboard selection .
Allow user to change pre-populated time-zone selection .
Allowing anonymous subscriptions reduces the management requirements of a publication , but it does not affect the security of your published data .
Allowing dynamic updates is a significant security vulnerability because updates can be accepted from untrusted sources .
Allowing nonsecure dynamic updates is a significant security vulnerability because updates can be accepted from untrusted sources .
Allows administrators to remotely access a command prompt using Emergency Management Services .
Allows error reporting for services and applictions running in non-standard environments .
Allows the user to run the wizard in auto run mode . This can only be used in conjunction with batch mode .
Allows the user to run the wizard in autorun mode . This can only be used in conjunction with batch mode .
Allows users to run under an alternate set of credentials .
Allows you to add the selected objects to a group you select .
Allows your computer to discover and control Universal Plug and Play devices .
Also backup the registry to the repair directory . This backup can be used to help recover your system if the registry is damaged .
Also called an executive or supervisor , an operating system performs the following functions .
Also known as OXCs , optical cross-connects work entirely at the optical layer and may be able to operate without having to convert to electrical and back again .
Also , choose the public network from which clients will gain access to the cluster .
Although computers are built with various overlapping features , such as executing instructions while inputting and outputting data , multiprocessing refers specifically to concurrent instruction executions .
Although everything should be taken with a grain of salt , newsgroups can nevertheless be extremely valuable .
Although paging is the primary mechanism for virtual memory , excessive paging is not desirable .
Always allow directly connected devices such as palmtop computers to connect without providing a password .
An Interactive Install gives the user the normal experience of choosing the installation option , download site , and installation folder , and also shows them progress dialogs .
An Internet mail program is installed on your computer . Internet mail allows you to receive and send e-mail messages .
An NHRP request is dropped if it is not recognized by an intermediate router .
An agent using this profile will use the new parameter values the next time the agent is started .
An application can be both client and server . See Object Packager .
An application is run in a cluster in order to maximize the availability of the application to clients if the computer on which it is running or the application itself fails .
An application policy defines how a certificate can be used .
An application with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
An area code rule determines how phone numbers are dialed from your current area code to other area codes and within your area code .
An authorization rule timeout is required . Enter an authorization rule timeout value and try again .
An authorization script timeout is required . Enter an authorization script timeout value and try again .
An authorization store with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
An eight-bit storage unit .
An error has occured and the recording was unable to complete .
An error has occurred attempting to open a database . Make sure the database is functional .
An error has occurred while attempting to download your album information .
An error has occurred while initializing the sound system . Hardware is use by another application or no hardware is available .
An error occured while saving the text edits that were applied to the metabase .
An error occurred accessing the Application Loader . Whiteboard cannot start .
An error occurred accessing the Call Manager . The Whiteboard will be closed .
An error occurred attempting to create the Object Picker .
An error occurred copying file %s to %s .
An error occurred creating folder %s .
An error occurred deleting file %s .
An error occurred deleting folder %s .
An error occurred during creation of distribution folder %s .
An error occurred during creation of the %s folder .
An error occurred in %s : %s %s .
An error occurred in saving or loading this application's data to or from disk .
An error occurred reading from or writing to the disk . The disk is unusable .
An error occurred the last time you tested your sound hardware . Your sound hardware may or may not be able to play and receive sounds simultaneously , or be able to work at all .
An error occurred when initializing bug reporting on your computer .
An error occurred when trying to create the upload data object .
An error occurred when trying to start upload .
An error occurred while Setup Manager was writing the multiple computer name script %s .
An error occurred while Setup Manager was writing to the file %s .
An error occurred while attempting to access licensing information .
An error occurred while copying file %s to %s .
An error occurred while creating folder %s .
An error occurred while deleting file %s .
An error occurred while deleting folder %s .
An error occurred while opening or copying the file " %s . " The file may be missing or corrupted .
An error occurred while reconnecting %1 to %2%3 %4 : %5This connection has not been restored .
An error occurred while restoring the Local Users and Groups snap-in settings .
An error occurred while saving the text edits that were applied to the metabase .
An error occurred while searching for media . The drive you chose may be invalid or unreadable
An error occurred while searching for media . The drive you selected may be invalid or unreadable
An error occurred while the Setup Manager wizard was writing the multiple computer name script %s .
An error occurred while trying to access and initialize the Stored Settings file .
An error occurred while trying to add the domain forwarder %s .
An error occurred while trying to create Start Menu shortcuts . Some shortcuts may not have been created .
An error occurred while trying to display information about this effect .
An error occurred while trying to display the Parameters dialog .
An error occurred while trying to display the information box .
An error occurred while trying to update the Stored Settings file .
An error occurred with one of the files used in this operation .
An error was returned while attempting to change a service .
An error with no description has occurred .
An exception occurred .
An external object raised an error . No Error Description Available .
An instance of setup is already running . Only one instance of setup can run at a time .
An internal error occurred .
An internal error occurred . Please contact your system administrator .
An internal memory error has occurred during playback . Playback thread has terminated .
An internal program error has occurred . The program must end .
An issuance policy defines the manner in which a certificate can be issued .
An issuance policy describes the conditions under which a certificate is issued . Select the issuance policy to include in certificates issued by this template .
An issuance policy describes the conditions under which a certificate is issued .
An object can be linked instead of embedded ,
An object identifier cannot contain two consecutive periods . For more information about creating object identifiers , see Help .
An object identifier cannot end with a period . For more information about creating object identifiers , see Help .
An object identifier must contain at least two numbers separated by a period . For more information about creating object identifiers , see Help .
An object identifier uniquely identifies an issuance or application policy .
An object is defined by its class , data elements and behavior .
An object-oriented compound document and component architecture .
An operation with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
An operation with the number %1 already exists . Enter a different operation number and try again .
An optical fiber is constructed of a transparent core made of nearly pure silicon dioxide , through which the light travels .
An organization founded in 1991 to promote standards for object databases .
An organization that manages a customer's computer systems and networks which are either located on the customer's premises or at a third-party datacenter .
An organization that provides access to the Internet as well as proprietary content .
An scope with the name %1 already exists . Specify a different name .
An unexpected error occured in the Sound Hardware Test Wizard .
An unexpected error occurred in the Sound Hardware Test Wizard .
An unhandled error occurred during setup .
An unknown error has occurred reading from or writing to the disk . The disk is possibly unusable .
An unknown error occured when attempting to open the database .
An unknown network error occurred accessing %s .
An unknown network error occurred while accessing %s .
An unrecognized error occurred while creating a bookmark file . The file was not created .
Analyzes and troubleshoots packets of data transferred over the network .
And I'll display commands on my menu you can choose to start again or skip to the next section .
And Windows will automatically adjust your computer's clock .
And click the left mouse button .
And pressing the Backspace key deletes the character before the insertion point .
And your area code must be entered here .
And , if necessary , contact them for permission to convert this font .
Another Whiteboard has one or more objects locked on this page .
Another computer in the domain is already using the specified new computer name .
Another installation is in progress . You must complete that installation before continuing this one .
Another instance of setup is already running . You may not start this setup , until the previous instance is complete .
Another user currently has this graphic locked - try again later .
Another user has also made changes . What would you like to do ?
Another workstation with the same name exists . The name was not changed .
Any data that you do not include in the cube file will not be available to the PivotTable until you reconnect to the server .
Any data that you do not include in the local file cube will not be available to the PivotTable until you reconnect to the server .
Any information you exchange with this site cannot be viewed by anyone else on the Web .
Any letters you type here will automatically be entered as capital letters .
Any password reset disks the user has created will no longer work .
Any password reset disks you have created will no longer work .
Application " %s " cannot be marked as default because its registration is incomplete .
Application " %s " returned an unknown exit code .
Application " %s " returned exit code %d .
Applications create these partitions for storing and replicating data .
Apply log file and database changes before initializing the time range display .
Apply the acceleration factor to speed up or slow down your media content when it is played back . Increasing the acceleration has no effect on audio pitch .
Applying the changes may take some time . You can choose to apply the changes now , or schedule a time to execute .
Archives data to protect it from accidental loss .
Are you ready to create your buttons To create the buttons , click Finish . To make changes , click Back .
Are you sure you want to remove the incoming trust with the %s domain If so , you must also remove this domain from the outgoing trust list on the %s domain .
Are you sure you want to remove the outgoing trust with the %s domain If so , you must also remove this domain from the incoming trust list on the %s domain .
Are you sure you want to remove this direction of trust with the %s domain If so , you must also remove this domain from the list containing the complementary direction of trust on the %s domain .
Arrange IconsContains command for arranging items in the window .
As a safety precaution , only trusted upgrade packs can run without your permission .
As part of the installation process , this server was disjoined from its domain . However , the computer account for the server was not disabled . A Domain Administrator can disable or delete the computer account for this server .
As part of the promotion process , this server was disjoined from its domain . However , the computer account for the server was not disabled .
As you move to the right in a newsgroup name , the subject focus becomes more limited .
As you progress from screen to screen , the section is filled .
Asks other users to act on your behalf and approve , reject , and so on .
Assign a name to each destination computer .
Assign a name to the destination computer .
At least one data sample is missing . Data collection is taking longer than expected . You might avoid this message by increasing the sample interval . This message will not be shown again during this session .
At least one medium priority connection must synchronize successfully before any lower priority synchronizations are attempted .
Audio , video , and data-sharing package allows you to communicate and collaborate over the Internet in real-time .
Audit boot is only available in factory mode .
Auditing has not been enabled in the target domain .
Authenticate in all domainsUsers in the %s forest can have access to all computers in the local forest . This option is preferred when both forests belong to the same organization .
Authenticate in all domainsUsers in the local forest can have access to all computers in the %s forest . This option is preferred when both forests belong to the same organization .
Authenticate only in selected domainsAfter you finish this wizard , grant individual access to each domain and server that you want to make available to users in this forest . This option is preferred if the forest belongs to another organization .
Authority for the domain you create will be delegated to a different zone .
Authorization Store  Create a new Authorization Manager store .
AutoComplete stores previous entries and suggests matches for you .
Autogenerate a default script for the given columns or create a script using one of the language selections .
Automatically close call window when call is disconnected . Auto Close
Automatically send the request to an online certificate authority .
Available for immediate use .
Backup Domain Controller %1 will synchronize its account database with the Primary Domain Controller . Check the Event Log on Backup Domain Controller %1 and on the Primary Domain Controller to determine whether synchronization was successful .
Badly formed Setup UI Script Command .
Base for all system errors .
Basic screen savers .
Be sure to check the option to have Windows automatically adjust your clock .
Be sure to test all of the audiences in succession to ensure that you have satisfactory results for each of them .
Because programs must be designed to cooperate with each other in order to work together effectively in this environment .
Because share permissions only control network access to the share , you should set permissions on individual files and folders .
Because the value of %s is now %s , the settings for the following items will be changed to the suggested values .
Because your pictures may be different proportions , you will set the size of a box your pictures will fit within .
Before proceeding , review your settings . To change any settings , click Back .
Before restoring your computer , save and close all open files and close all open programs .
Before the Internet became widely used by the general public , all online services were self-contained organizations known for their unique mix of databases and resources .
Before this trust can function , it must also be created in the other domain . Ensure that the same trust password is used in both domains .
Before users can dial-in to the network from a remote location , you must first configure the server to accept Remote Access Service calls .
Before users create and manage mailboxes and distribution lists , they must be given the appropriate administrative permissions . Click the link for information on how to assign administrative rights to users .
Before using these disks , add them to your system configuration .
Before you can export information to , you must specify the server , username and password .
Before you can use the database , you must analyze it . On the Database menu , select the option to run an analysis .
Before you proceed , make sure that all computers to be configured as cluster nodes are member of the domain chosen above .
Before you ship it to the end-user , some information used during the preinstallation process needs to be cleaned out .
Begins a game of 3-D Pinball .
Binary source data must be a single-dimensioned array of unsigned char .
Boot Method cannot be set .
Both directory services must be running under the same service account , and the service account must have the Service Account Admin role on the site object .
Breaks words between lines and adds ellipsis if the text doesn't fit in the rectangle .
Breaks words . The lines are automatically broken between words .
Browse for Help topics in the Index .
Browse mode is invalid for a statement that assigns values to a variable .
Browser Record allows you to create a test by recording requests using a Web browser .
Builtin groups cannot be added to other groups .
But in practice , two users on a peer-to-peer system often require data from a third computer .
But the feeling of community within most groups no longer exists , and many are clogged with spam .
By accounting for packets sent , a public network can charge customers for only the data they transmit .
By configuring and locking particular user settings , you can preserve a consistent desktop environment across your organization and reduce your support costs .
By default , data is transferred to the log file when the buffers are full . To transfer data more frequently , set the number of seconds between transfers .
By default , the new template will contain all the data currently in the tables in your database . You can clear the check box for any of the tables listed below to include only the database schema and not the actual data
By default , this server does not support client computers until you configure it to do so after Setup . To have the server begin supporting clients immediately , choose one or both of the following check boxes .
By filling in the information below , you can create a SpeedDial to save in your SpeedDial list or give to other people .
By removing a certificate , your certificate is not deleted , but will no longer be used to provide secure communications on this Web site .
By speaking into the microphone , I am verifying that my voice is detected . The recording meter should show movement if my microphone is properly connected and turned on .
By starting from an existing publication , you can add or delete only those filters and properties that are different from the existing publication .
By touching your pager in one hand , you could send the calling telephone number to your cell phone in the other .
CD Player can download artist , title , and track information for this disc from the Internet .
CD Player cannot determine the album for which you are currently attempting to download information .
CD Player is sending the updated album information to the Internet database providers . This may take a few moments .
Cables also include fibers of Kevlar and / or steel wires for strength and an outer sheath of plastic or Teflon for protection .
Call your service provider's technical support for assistance .
Can not find log viewer %s . Please ensure the viewer name and path are correct .
Can't save incident . Make sure the path is valid and there is free space on the drive .
Cancel invitation failed .
Cannot change your expand logon domain setting .
Cannot close the last window of the document . Close the document instead .
Cannot connect to the other computer . Please try again .
Cannot create a new dial-up networking connection for your Internet service provider . Try creating a connection by double-clicking Dial-Up Networking in My Computer .
Cannot determine the local computer's name .
Cannot display properties
out of memory .
Cannot drop profile . Either it is not defined , or is defined as the default profile .
Cannot find %1 . Check the spelling of the name .
Cannot find a user or group account with name %1 on the indicated domain .
Cannot find an authorization store at %1 .
Cannot find incident file . It might have been deleted . Please try again .
Cannot find network path %s because the network is unavailable .
Cannot find root directory on specified drive .
Cannot find the Primary DC for %1 . You may administer this domain , but certain domain-wide operations will be disabled .
Cannot find the server in the server list .
Cannot have an anonymous subscription on a publication that does not have an independent agent .
Cannot initialize the network . The requested protocol may not be installed .
Cannot install networking components .
Cannot install the certificate because it does not match the certificate requested .
Cannot load advertised program data . There may be a problem with the server .
Cannot locate installable compressor needed to play this file .
Cannot move folder %s .
Cannot open service " %s " .
Cannot open the Service Control Manager .
Cannot open the share %1 .
Cannot perform an aggregate function on an expression containing an aggregate or a subquery .
Cannot retrieve information for the item you selected .
Cannot save %1 because it contains a syntax error . Launch the rule editor , correct the problem , and try again .
Cannot save %1 because it contains a syntax error . Launch the script editor , correct the problem , and try again .
Cannot save the configuration set under the name ' %s ' . Please choose a different name .
Cannot select a session to which to connect .
Cannot update the alert list on %1 .
Cannot validate a merge article that uses looping join filters .
Cannot write DefaultGateway information to registry .
Centers objects along a common horizontal line . Align horizontal center
Centers objects along a common vertical line . Align vertical center
Centers objects with the horizontal center of the page . Align horizontal center
Centers objects with the vertical center of the page . Align horizontal center
Certain features , such as Remote Control and Connect , work only when you run this tool from a Terminal Services client session . When this tool is run from the console session , these features are disabled .
Certificate Server is installed on this computer . You will not be able to rename this computer or promote it to a domain controller .
Certificate requests can be made through an online certificate authority or saved to a file .
Certificate stores are system areas where certificates are stored .
Certificates cannot be copied to the %1 certificate store because Windows cannot gain access to the store .
Certificates in the %1 certificate store will not be displayed because Windows cannot gain access to the store .
Change an existing paging file's Virtual Memory Settings .
Change how you use and view Help and Support Center .
Change properties for the selected shared folder .
Change the language , and set installation and accessibility options .
Change the options for the user and / or the console .
Change which features are installed or remove specific features .
Change which program features are installed . This option displays the Custom Selection dialog in which you can change the way features are installed .
Changes cannot be saved to the certificate store .
Changes cannot be saved .
Changes to Custom properties could not be saved . The file may be marked read-only or may be in use by another application .
Changes to Summary properties could not be saved for one or more files . The file are in use by another application .
Changes to Summary properties could not be saved . The file is in use by another application .
Changes will take effect after you restart this computer .
Changing the name of the view will cause stored procedures , views , or triggers that reference the view to become invalid . Are you sure you want to rename the view ?
Changing the parameters of a profile affects all agents currently using that profile .
Check that the password is correct and then try again .
Check the information in the Help and Support Center or the product manual .
Check to make sure your touch tone service setting is correct .
Check to see if the number looks correct .
Check what programs and hardware are installed on this computer , or the amount of memory available , or review diagnostic information about the health of your computer .
Check your touch tone service option .
Checked sections will be protected when the document is protected for Forms .
Checkpoint process is terminating due to a fatal exception .
Choose Add to add this library reference now . If you choose Don't Add , you can use the References dialog box to add or remove the library reference later .
Choose a location where you would like to backup your licenses to , or restore your licenses from .
Choose a media type for your backup , and then enter the name of the media to receive the backup data .
Choose a profile before continuing . If no profiles are available , click the Manage button to create a new profile that matches your input sources .
Choose a property in the list to be dynamically set and then hit the Add button .
Choose a publication , then choose a table with conflicts . Click View to see the conflicts .
Choose a reinstall mode and click Next to begin your reinstallation .
Choose a service name from the list , or enter a DUN connectoid name , then press the button of your choice below .
Choose additional screens that you want to appear during Setup .
Choose an existing share or create a new one on the host server .
Choose an item to share with other people in the meeting , and then click Share .
Choose another reference color by clicking in the picture .
Choose buttons that will be provided to reviewers . You should selecting buttons here will generate business logic to process reviewer's decisions .
Choose from a selection of the latest updates tailored just for your computer's operating system , software , and hardware .
Choose how you want zone data to be replicated .
Choose install type .
Choose one or more Distributors from the following registered servers . You can register a new server by clicking Register Server .
Choose one or more Properties and set the Data Source , Data Member , and Data Field to bind to those properties .
Choose one or more Subscribers in the following list . Choose a group name to choose all Subscribers in that group .
Choose one or more purposes to be listed under Advanced purpose .
Choose or dechoose an option to add or remove it from your custom reinstall .
Choose the attribute to which the following rules will be applied . Rules are processed in the order they appear in the list .
Choose the calling card you will use , or click New to add a different card .
Choose the check box next to each device you want to use for incoming connections .
Choose the check box next to each type of networking software that should be enabled for incoming connections .
Choose the connectoid you want to modify , choose the options to be applied , then press Apply .
Choose the criteria that backup sets should meet to be displayed in the list of backup sets .
Choose the database in which the subscription will be created . You can create a new database by clicking Create New .
Choose the database server where data will be restored , and choose the desired restore options .
Choose the device you want to configure . Only devices used by the current session are displayed .
Choose the domain controller that will run the synchronization session and maintain synchronization .
Choose the functional level of the new forest .
Choose the game controller that you want to configure or test .
Choose the language in which you prefer to read your references . Also choose your preferred collection . If you do not choose a preferred collection , the help system will automatically pick the newest collection in your preferred language .
Choose the mode you want to use in your game , and then use the controls on the right to fine-tune the game pad's performance .
Choose the navigation mode that works best for your game . Depending on the mode you choose , you can program game commands for some of the navigation controls .
Choose the network card you want to use for your local network card .
Choose the networking protocols that are used on your network . If you are unsure , contact your system administrator .
Choose the options that Subscribers can use to replicate their changes . A single Subscriber can use a combination of options , and different Subscribers can use different options .
Choose the products that you wish to check out a license for , and then click Next .
Choose the screens that you want to appear during Setup .
Choose the services that you want for each input language shown in the list . Use the Add and Remove buttons to modify this list .
Choose the time and day you want this synchronization to start .
Choose the value or range of values that starts a new group .
Choose the variable compression buffer size you want to use .
Choose this if you will not be making further changes . This will permanently glue down all cutouts .
Choose this option to allow a variety of subject name formats or if you do not have access to the domain of which the subject is a member .
Choose this option to create a new child domain , new domain tree , or new forest . This server will become the first domain controller in the new domain .
Choose this option to provide an environment that is compatible with most legacy applications .
Choose whether you want to change , repair , or remove the program .
Choose whether you want to use an existing template to set properties for this user or whether you want to specify new settings . Properties include user address , server group memberships , and remote connectivity .
Choose your Conditions and Actions first , then specify the values in the Description .
Choosing fewer items decreases download time , but may omit content from your pages .
Cleaning takes a couple of minutes . Cleaning is finished when the power light on the printer's control panel stops flashing .
Cleans the specified profiles of wasted space and removes user-specific file associations from the registry when disabled .
Clear the checkbox for information you do not want to share .
Click Add To Address Book to save the sender's encryption preferences to your address book .
Click Change ... to specify new file names and destination locations .
Click Clean Up Now to clean up downloaded messages on your computer .
Click Clean Up Now to clean up downloaded messages on your machine .
Click Encryption Certificate to view the Certificate used to encrypt this message .
Click Finish to create a new workflow application . It may take several minutes for the process to complete .
Click New to register a new server and enable it as a Publisher .
Click New to register a new server and enable it as a Subscriber . You can enable heterogeneous Subscribers after you complete this wizard .
Click Restore or Continue Later to exit the wizard .
Click Restore to restore this shortcut , and to stop this message from appearing .
Click Save .
Click Sender's Certificate to view the Certificate that is recommended for encrypting messages to the sender .
Click Signing Certificate to view the Certificate used to sign this message .
Click Store Folder to change the location of your message store .
Click Yes to save the contents . This will clear the current Whiteboard window , but you can open the saved contents in the new meeting or future meetings .
Click a small ball for a narrow band effect , a larger ball for a wider one .
Click a small ball to limit the area where the edge can go , a larger ball to expand it .
Click a small ball to narrow the edge , a larger ball to widen it .
Click a stamp color .
Click an option again to clear the option .
Click below to test the stream , restart , or get more information .
Click below to view the latest responses to your support incident .
Click on an icon in the list below to change how a feature is installed . Click Details for more information about the chosen feature .
Click on an icon in the list below to change how a feature is installed .
Click on the Internet service provider you want to use , then click Next .
Click on the buttons below to customize the fonts for various message types , or reset the defaults .
Click one or more of the options here and see the effect on the picture .
Click the File menu , point to New , and click Folder .
Click the Volume button to make additional adjustments to the volume control .
Click the Workbench tab when you want to touch up your photos or add special effects to your project .
Click the entry in the list that indicates that your service provider is not in the list .
Click the link in this sentence labeled Privacy Policy .
Click the options below to choose or dechoose individual tools , to check free disk space , or to change the installation location .
Click the program you want Windows to run .
Click the properties button to set security and other properties .
Click this button to automatically correct the brightness and contrast of your picture .
Click this last option .
Click to allow other people to control your shared programs or desktop .
Click to choose the check box for any drive , folder or file that you want to back up .
Click to choose the check box next to any drive , folder , or file that you want to back up .
Click to prevent other people from controlling your shared programs or desktop .
Click your registration option here .
Click your selection in this list .
Clicking on a group name will bring up a description of that group in the right-hand pane . Clicking on a category will bring up the associated restriction options in the right-hand pane .
Clicking this will advance you through the list of insignia .
Clicking this will restore the game options to their original settings .
Clicking this will restore the multiplayer options to their original settings .
Clicking this will restore the video options to their original settings .
Clicking this will take you to the Options menu where you can modify the Multiplayer settings .
Client computers use a single connection to access the Internet through this server .
Clip the edges of the video input source to remove noise or to create letterbox content . All values are in pixels .
Close Help and Support Center .
Close all Software Restriction Policy property pages before deleting the Software Restriction Policies .
Close all network and dial-up connection property pages before continuing .
Close all property pages before adding or removing snap-ins .
Close all property pages before changing the default level .
Close all property pages before closing %1 .
Close all property pages before deleting %1 .
Close all property sheets for this object , and then try again .
Close any open programs , and run the setup again .
Close the selected session .
CloseClose the selected authorization store .
Closes all windows .
Coded OFDM adds forward error correction .
Collect and transmit user registration data to servers at manufacturer .
Collects and stores network configuration and location information , and notifies applications when this information changes .
Column value directives must be inside of a Detail section . When the query is run the column value directive is replaced by the contents of the named query result column .
Commit of wordlist failed . Data not available for query .
Common functions at this layer are opening , closing , reading and writing files , transferring files and e-mail messages , executing remote jobs and obtaining directory information about network resources .
Compatibility settings were not changed for any programs .
Compatibility will be preserved for client applications . However , if those applications use this class , they will likely crash . This should only be used if you don't plan to run the client anymore , yet you wish to keep the same interface definitions .
Computer %1 cannot be added because an internal error occurred .
Computer %1 is in domain %2 , which does not appear in the " Look In " box . Computers can only be selected from domains in the " Look In " box .
Computer %1 is in domain %2 . Computers from that domain are not valid selections .
Computer %1 was not found . Check the spelling of the computer name .
Computer name %2 contains a period . Specify a computer name that does not contain any periods .
Computers that belong to this domain cannot log onto the domain or access any domain services .
Configuration Manager : A general internal error occured .
Configuration Manager : A general remote communication error occurred .
Configuration Manager : A required entry in the registry is missing or an attempt to write to the registry failed .
Configuration Manager : A service or application refused to allow removal of this device .
Configuration Manager : Access denied .
Configuration Manager : An output parameter was too small to hold all the data available .
Configuration Manager : Device interface is active .
Configuration Manager : Invalid conflict list .
Configuration Manager : Invalid index .
Configuration Manager : Invalid reference string .
Configuration Manager : No such device interface .
Configuration Manager : Not enough memory is available to process this command .
Configuration Manager : One or more parameters were invalid .
Configuration Manager : The Plug and Play service or another required service is not available .
Configuration Manager : The device instance handle parameter is not valid .
Configuration Manager : The device is disabled for this configuration .
Configuration Manager : The machine selected for remote communication is not available at this time .
Configuration Manager : The operation completed successfully .
Configuration Manager : The specified device instance handle does not correspond to a present device .
Configuration Manager : The specified key does not exist in the registry .
Configuration Manager : The specified priority is invalid for this operation .
Configuration Manager : The specified property type is invalid for this operation .
Configuration Manager : The specified value does not exist in the registry .
Configuration Manager : The supplied logical configuration parameter is invalid .
Configuration Manager : The supplied range list parameter is invalid .
Configuration Manager : The supplied resource descriptor parameter is invalid .
Configuration Manager : There are no more hardware profiles available .
Configuration Manager : There are no more resource descriptions available .
Configuration Manager : This device cannot be disabled .
Configuration Manager : This device instance already exists .
Configuration Manager : This routine is not implemented in this version of the operating system .
Configuration has been canceled . You will need to restart this application to properly configure your computer .
Configure route tracking for messages that are sent and received by this computer .
Configure shadow-copy backup of volumes .
Configure the amount , duration , and other settings for this test .
Configure the server  Set up the DNS server .
Configures performance data logs and alerts .
Configures performance logs and alerts .
Configures this computer as a Terminal Server license server that provides client licenses .
Congratulations . You have now configured this end of a demand-dial connection . In order to connect to another router using this interface , a similar configuration is required on the remote router .
Connect To Computer ... Add a server name to the list of administered computers
Connect to Domain Controller ... Choose a specific domain controller to connect to
Connect to Domain Controller ... You should choose a specific domain controller to connect to
Connect to another computer ... Manage a different computer
Connection Manager displays an icon in the notification area of the taskbar . You can add items to the shortcut menu for the icon .
Connection access is denied .
Connection opened but invalid login packet sent . Connection closed .
Connection requests that have this realm name will be forwarded to the following server group .
Contact management and directory services .
Contact your system administrator .
Contains a variety of specialized , network-related services and protocols .
Contains commands for activating the host's shared programs .
Contains commands for controlling the host's shared programs or desktop .
Contains commands for displaying Help for and information about Registry Editor .
Contains commands for displaying or hiding the toolbars and status bar .
Contains commands for forwarding control to other people in the meeting .
Contains commands for inserting objects and fax information fields .
Content Advisor has been turned off . Make sure you turn it on again before you allow someone else to use your computer .
Content ratings allow you to prevent users from viewing sites with risky content . Ratings are set on a per-site basis and are rated by the author for degrees of risky language , nudity , and violence .
Contracting with outside consultants , software houses or service bureaus to perform systems analysis , programming and datacenter operations .
Contrast with UNI .
Contrast with circuit switching .
Contrast with preemptive multitasking .
Controls the volume level of recorded and play-back sounds .
Conversion failed because the data value overflowed the data type used by the provider .
Convert the file to the default file format specified on the Advanced tab of the Options dialog box .
Cookies can be edited for any address accessed by the selected user . All special characters must be entered in encoded format . Click the Encode button to convert the selected special characters into the equivalent encoded characters .
Copies the selected items to the Clipboard . Use Paste to put them in the new location .
CopyCopies the current selection .
Copying the changes to the clipboard will let you look at the values the other user entered , and then paste your changes back in if you decide to make changes .
Could not allocate enough memory for data initialization .
Could not connect to Directory Service on Domain %1 . Either the service is not running or you may not have enough permissions to connect to the directory service on the Domain .
Could not convert the data value due to reasons other than sign mismatch or overflow .
Could not detect modem . It may be in use , turned off , or not installed properly .
Could not determine value of option ' %s ' .
Could not establish a voice connection with the other party .
Could not find a package to install on the installation media .
Could not find any previously installed compliant products on the machine for installing this product .
Could not get a proper token to set shutdown privileges .
Could not open or create the file %s .
Could not set the file size to the desired amount . The operating system file size limit may have been reached .
Could not start server listening .
Couldn't expand destination path " %s " , error # %d .
Couldn't expand source path " %s " , error # %d .
Create Default Application Directory Partitions  Creates a the default application directory partitions to store DNS zone data .
Create a Custom reinstall . Click Next to choose your custom options .
Create a button that contains a hyperlink to another page . When a visitor mouses over it , the button can change color , display a picture , or play a sound effect .
Create a new Automatic Certificate Request object and add it to the Security Configuration Editor .
Create a new Certificate Trust List and add it to this certificate store .
Create a new configuration set .
Create process %s succeeded .
Create / Add an additional "  " Paging File "  " to a system .
Creates a configuration set with default settings .
Creates a configuration set with the same settings as an existing one . At the end of the wizard , you can update the configuration set or save it as a new one .
Creates a copy of a zone that exists on another server . This option helps balance the processing load of primary servers and provides fault tolerance .
Creates a copy of an existing zone . This option helps balance the processing load of primary servers and provides fault tolerance .
Creates a new Local User account .
Creates a new consoleCreate a new console .
Creates a new local group .
Creates a new user , copying information from the selected user .
Creates and edits drawings , and displays and edits scanned photos .
Creates and edits text documents with complex formatting .
Creates and edits text files using basic text formatting .
Creates and manages distributed file systems that connect shared folders from different computers .
Creates / Adds an additional "  " Paging File "  " to a system .
Creating the animated picture . This might take a few minutes .
Critical in the mainframe and large server environment , applications can be prioritized to run faster or slower depending on their purpose .
Custom Setup allows you to selectively install program features .
Custom You should choose this option if the directory structures aren't identical . Only the objects you map will be synchronized .
Custom actions of the same type are run in the order in which they appear in the list . To view custom actions of a specific type , choose the action type from the drop-down list .
Custom setup allows you to choose the components you want to install . Recommended only for advanced users .
Customize your scheme on the Settings , Recorder , and Forces tabs .
Customize  Customizes the view .
Data collection cannot be carried as the parameter files are missing .
Data fields must be separated from each other by a character called a field delimiter . Similarly , data records must be separated by a record delimiter . Use the lists below to choose the appropriate delimiter .
Data source %s is invalid . It exceeds the size limit for System Monitor .
Database files can be shrunk individually if more precise control is required .
Decision support software that allows the user to quickly analyze information that has been summarized into multidimensional views and hierarchies .
Default You should choose this option if objects reside in identically named containers in both directories .
Default names are assigned with a text portion , followed by a number . The number is incremented for each port .
Default recommendations provided by Security Templates snap-in .
Deferred accessor validation occurred . Invalid binding for this column .
Define the column mappings between the source and destination tables . You can select any transformations .
Define the column mappings between the source and destination tables .
Define the types of certificates issued by certification authorities on your network .
Delay between warning message is out of the valid range .
Delegating %1 prohibits role and task definitions in this scope from having authorization rules .
Delegating %1 prohibits role and task definitions in this scope from having authorization scripts .
DeleteDeletes the current selection .
Deletes paging file from a system .
Deletes the selected items .
Deleting the row violated the integrity constraints for the column or table .
Deliver mail addressed to the following host or domain to the mail server specified below .
Dependent clients do not store message locally , and must be connected to their supporting server to send and receive messages .
Dependent clients do not store messages locally , and must be connected to their supporting server to send and receive messages .
Depending on the number of objects selected , you might have to wait while the changes are applied .
Depending on your customer needs and desired method of distribution , you will want to build different media to distribute your custom package .
Desktop computers often have Ethernet built into the motherboard and obviate the need for an Ethernet card to be plugged in .
Detach the database from the server so that the database files can be copied . A detached database cannot be used until it is attached again .
Determine how user authentication and cookies should be handled .
Determines how an object is updated when linked data is modified .
Devices other than the one you choose will not be affected and may be used for other purposes .
Devices other than the one you select will not be affected and may be used for other purposes .
Dial-up networking entries provide configuration data for one or more phone numbers .
Directory name %1 is not a valid network shared directory name . Enter a valid name .
Directory name scan only contain numbers , letters , spaces , periods , or dashes .
Disabled trusts cannot be migrated .
Disabling the gateway will also remove all the gateway shares . Do you wish to continue ?
Disaster recovery template for Default Domain Controller GPO .
Disconnect all open files .
Disconnect all open sessions .
Disjoining this machine from domain " %1 " .
Disk space required for the installation exceeds available disk space .
Display expression for this table when it is used as a lookup table .
Display information about hardware , software , and system events .
Display moving images when your computer is idle to prevent damage to your screen .
Displays a keyboard that is controlled by a mouse or switch input device .
Displays a system's paging file Virtual Memory settings .
Displays an enlarged portion of the screen in a separate window for users with limited vision .
Displays and edits existing image files such as scanned photographs or digital images .
Displays and manages local server properties .
Displays graphs of system performance and configures data logs and alerts .
Displays only the content below .
Displays program information , version number , and copyright .
Displays shared folders , current sessions , and open files .
Displays the full Help and Support window .
Displays the help / usage .
Displays the license details for the currently selected media .
Displays the path for the selected item . Taskpad title depends on the item to which the taskpad is applied .
Displays the properties of the selected items .
Displays the title you create . Works best for standalone taskpads .
Do Not Disturb prevents NetMeeting from notifying you when someone is calling you . You will not be able to receive calls until you turn off Do Not Disturb .
Do not alter , open , or delete any files or programs until the restoration is complete .
Do not include a mouse tutorial .
Do you accept all of the terms of the preceding License Agreement If you choose No , Install will close . To install you must accept this agreement .
Do you want this button to have an image Click the Image check box to include an image . Click Browse ... to search for an image .
Do you wish to remove the trust from both the local domain and the other domain To remove the trust from the other domain , you must have administrative privileges in the %s domain .
Do you wish to validate the incoming direction of trust To do this , you must have administrative privileges in the %s domain .
Documents and images can be embedded within or linked to documents set up as containers .
Documents not stored in content index because partition has been deleted .
Documents not stored in content index because update of changelist failed .
Does not issue certificates to other CAs .
Double-click the C drive icon .
Downloading the list of newsgroups available on the server . This only needs to be done once , and it may take a few minutes if you have a slow connection .
Drag the ball to choose a color on the ring . Then drag the slider to change the intensity .
Drag the monitor icons to match the physical arrangement of your monitors .
Drag the picture you want to use from the Picture List to one of the blue placeholders in the workspace . If the picture you want isn't open , click Browse to find and open it . You can then drag the picture from the Picture List to the placeholder .
Drag the slider to soften the edges of the area you've trimmed .
Drop the Distributor first before you uninstall replication .
Duplicate column name resolution could not be done because the ordinal specified a column of a different name .
During Setup , it is normal for your screen to go blank for a few seconds and for the computer to restart itself several times .
During document filtering the limit on buffers has been exceeded .
Dynamic tests are scripted using the Test object model and allow for the most flexiblity and complexity .
Dynamic updates of resource records are accepted from any client .
Dynamic updates of resource records are accepted from any client .
Dynamic updates of resource records are not accepted by the zone .
ECC is a much more robust memory checking system .
Each computer must have its own Client Access License .
Each computer on a network must have a unique identifier .
Each connection must have its own Client Access License .
Each of these settings refers to a different mode of network transport . You should choose those modes that you can receive .
